All right so we're going to take a look at the project we'll be building in this section.
It's called news grid and it's basically a UI for a news Web site.
And it's going to be pretty simple in terms of the the number of pages we're just going to have a home
about.
And then we have a single article page which we'll take a look at and obviously we'll be using the grid
system here.
And I'm just gonna go through this real quick.
So we have a Navarre that sticky so it sticks to the top wherever we go.
And this logo here is just something that I created in Photoshop.
It took an icon cutting added some color to it added some text and I might add on a bonus video showing
you how to do something like that in photoshop.
I also created a light version down here for it to be placed on dark backgrounds.
So we have the now var we have some font awesome social media icons here we have our links and then
we have this showcase area which would be like a featured article and we're using an overlay we're going
to use the before pseudo selector as we looked at in a past video.
We're using the grid to kind of push all this over to the side and then of course down here we're using
grid CSX.
And this one for instance is going to span over a column.
This one spans over.
We're going to have different utility classes for different background colors.
We'll be using CSX variables all the images you see here you'll have in a folder called Image Resources.
In this lecture and then the footer we're using the grid as well we have these four different sections.
And then this one that spans all the way across just the copyright and then the the about page is very
simple we just have a main area and then we have our sidebar we're using the grid here.
And the article page is similar.
We have the main article with an image some meta info like the author of the date the category.
And then on the side we have the categories links which don't go anywhere.
And then the join our club a little widget here.
So any any other grid items we add here would get placed on the sidebar.
So it's very efficient if you are scalable if you want to add more content all right.
Now let's take a look at the responsive version so I'm going to open up my dev tools and let's take
a look.
This is a landscape iPhone X.
So as you can see it looks pretty good.
Let's turn.
Turn this around in portrait mode and everything is stacked on top of each other nice and neatly.
If you look at the about page same thing.
Let's take a look at an iPad OK.
So on the iPad I just kept the inner pages having the two columns here on the home page.
I change this grid to have to be in two columns rather than stacked because I think that on an iPad
it's too wide to have just one per row or just one column.
So we have two here.
And if I take it out of this mode and you'll see that as I bring the browser down I hit 768.
It's going to go into two and then when I hit 600 it goes into one.
So it's very responsive and I think that you're going to learn a lot in this project.
All right.
So let's go ahead and get started.